the purpose of your warm-up should not
be to stretch lengthen or increase the
flexibility of your muscles in reality
the purpose of your warm-up should just
be to warm up your muscles warm up your
joints and reduce the chance of injury
now the reason behind this is that
tighter muscles actually produce more
explosive movement if you are to stretch
your muscles make them really flexible
make them really loose you're not going
to have as explosive and powerful
movement on the field do you think about
learning the last bend it's really tight
you pull that it last bet apart it
contracts really quickly so when you
have tight muscles that's the science
behind it you're gonna have more
explosive movement you're gonna be able
to sprint faster take harder shots jump
higher so you actually want to keep your
muscles relatively tight now in order to
have a good warm-up what you want to
focus on is dynamic stretching so like I
said we're just warming up the body
warming up the muscles and the joints
what you want to do after training is
static stretching that's when you want
to loosen your muscles increase
flexibility and reduce the tension the
tightness in those muscles because
that's going to help you reduce soreness
so here are a few exercises you can do
before soccer before training before
games to warm up your body your joints
and reduce the chance of injury